{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset2 Wingdings;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue255;\red31\green73\blue125;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}{\s3 heading 3;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\f0\fs20 This installation contains the following software, the license terms of each are included below:\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sa120 o\tab Microsoft ASP.NET Model View Controller, Web API and Web Pages \par
o\tab Microsoft ASP.NET SignalR \par
o\tab Microsoft ASP.NET Web Optimization Framework\par
o\tab Microsoft ASP.NET Universal Providers \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120\tx1080 o \tab NuGet-Based Microsoft Package Manager\par
o \tab Microsoft WCF Data Services\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120 Scroll down to read these license terms. \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b\f1\par
\f0 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par

\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 Microsoft ASP.NET Model View Controller, Web API and Web Pages\b0\f1\par
\b\f0 Microsoft ASP.NET SignalR \par
Microsoft ASP.NET Web Optimization Framework\par
Microsoft ASP.NET Universal Providers\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.\par
\b By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use the software.\par
As described below, using some features also operates as your consent to the transmission of certain standard computer information for Internet-based services.\par

\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the perpetual rights below.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120 1.\tab INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. \b0 You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices for use with your ASP.NET programs.  You may modify, copy, distribute or deploy any .js files contained in the software as part of your ASP.NET programs.\par
\b 2.\tab ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx360 a.\tab Distributable Code\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 In addition to the .js files described above, the software contains code that you are permitted to distribute in ASP.NET programs you develop if you comply with the terms below.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx1440\b i.\tab Right to Use and Distribute. \b0 The code and text files listed below are \ldblquote Distributable Code.\rdblquote\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx360\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\ul\f0 Redistributable DLL files\ulnone . You may copy and distribute the object code form of code and files listed below.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1440\sb120\sa120\f0 MICROSOFT ASP.NET Model View Controller (MVC)\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\b0\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Net.Http.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Http.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Mvc.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Http.OData.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.AspNet.Mvc.Facebook\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\sb120\sa120\b Microsoft ASP.NET Web Pages\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1800\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0\f3\'a7\tab\f0 NuGet.Core.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Web.Helpers.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Helpers.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Razor.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.WebPages.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.WebPages.Administration.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 WebMatrix.Data.dll \par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 WebMatrix.WebData.dll\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi1080\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b Microsoft ASP.NET SignalR\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1797\sb120\sa120\tx360\b0\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Asp.Net.SignalR.Core.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Asp.Net.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.Asp.Net.SignalR.Owin.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.ServiceBus.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.AspNet.SingnalR.Redis.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll\par
\f3\'a7\tab\f0 Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Utils.exe\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx360\b Microsoft ASP.NET Web Optimization Framework\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx1800\b0\f3\'a7\tab\f0 System.Web.Optimization.dll\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx720\b0\f2\'b7\tab\ul\f0 Third Party Distribution\ulnone\b . \b0 You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those programs.\b  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx360\tx1077 ii.\tab Distribution Requirements. \b0 For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx360\cf1\b0\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;\b\f1\par
\cf1\b0\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; \par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys\rquote  fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi720\sb120\sa120\tx360\b iii. Distribution Restrictions. \b0 You may not\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\tx360\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code;\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 use Microsoft\rquote s trademarks in your programs\rquote  names or in a way that suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 distribute Distributable Code to run on a platform other than the Windows platform;\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; or\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\f0 modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An Excluded License is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1792\sb120\sa120\tx360\f2\'b7\tab\f0 the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 others have the right to modify it.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 3.\tab INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0 Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software. It may change or cancel them at any time.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b a.\tab Consent for Internet-Based Services.\b0  The software features described below connect to Microsoft or service provider computer systems over the Internet. In some cases, you will not receive a separate notice when they connect. In some cases, you may switch off these features or not use them. For more information about these features, see software documentation and the privacy statement at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=205205. \b By using these features, you consent to the transmission of this information\b0 . Microsoft does not use the information to identify or contact you.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1440\f0 i.\tab Computer Information.\b0  The following features use Internet protocols, which send to the appropriate systems computer information, such as your Internet protocol address, the type of operating system, browser and name and version of the software you are using, and the language code of the device where you installed the software. Microsoft or a third party service provider uses this information to make the Internet-based services available to you.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\ul\f0 Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP)\ulnone\f1 .\cf2\f0  \cf0 This software uses CEIP. CEIP automatically sends Microsoft information about your hardware and how you use this software. We do not use this information to identify or contact you. To learn more about CEIP, see {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/products/ceip/en-us/privacypolicy.mspx }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/products/ceip/en-us/privacypolicy.mspx\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 .\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\ul\f0 Error Reports\ulnone . This software automatically sends error reports to Microsoft. These reports include information about problems that occur in the software. Sometimes reports contain information about other programs that interact with the software. Reports might unintentionally contain personal information. For example, a report that contains a snapshot of computer memory might include your name. Part of a document you were working on could be included as well. Microsoft does not use this information to identify or contact you. To learn more about error reports, see oca.microsoft.com/en/dcp20.asp.\par
\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\cf0\ul\f0 Open Data Protocol (OData) Service\ulnone . This software will access a list of packages that is supplied by means of an OData service online from Microsoft or a third-party service provider.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1080\sb120\sa120\tx1077\b ii. \tab Installing Packages and their Dependencies. \b0 Please refer to the \ldblquote Third Party Package Manager\rdblquote  section below for a description of this feature.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\s3\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\f0 iii.\tab Use of Information. \b0 We or the third party service provider may use the computer information, error reports, and CEIP information, to improve our or their software and services. We or they may also share it with others, such as hardware and software vendors. They may use the information to improve how their products run with Microsoft software.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\s3\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx1077\b b.\tab Misuse of Internet-based Services.\b0  You may not use this service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else\rquote s use of it. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any means.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\f0 4.\tab THIRD PARTY PACKAGE MANAGER. \b0 This software includes a package manager feature, which enables you to obtain other software packages from other sources. Those packages are offered and distributed in some cases by third parties or in some cases by Microsoft, but each such package is under its own license terms. Microsoft is not developing, distributing or licensing any of the third-party packages to you, but instead, as a convenience, is providing you with this package manager feature in order to access any packages for your own use. By using this package manager feature, you acknowledge and agree that you may be accessing and using the third-party packages as distributed by such third parties and under the separate license terms applicable to each package, including any terms applicable to software dependencies that may be included in the package. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to locate, understand and comply with all applicable license terms for each package and its dependencies, for example, by following the package source (feed) URL or by reviewing the packages for embedded notices or license terms. The package manager feature may have been pre-set to a feed that is hosted by a third party service provider, located at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=206669. The packages listed on this feed may include packages submitted by third parties. Microsoft makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the feed URL, any feeds from such URL, the information contained therein, or any packages referenced in or accessed by you through such feeds. Microsoft grants you no license rights rights for third-party software that is obtained using this feature or from the feed. You may change the feed URL that the package manager feature initially points to at any time at your discretion.\b\f1\par
\f0 5.\tab THIRD PARTY NOTICES. \b0 The software, including the package manager feature of the software, may include third party code that Microsoft, not the third party, licenses to you under this agreement.  Notices, if any, for the third party code are included for your information only. \b\f1\par
\f0 6.\tab SCOPE OF LICENSE.\b0  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Microsoft grants you no license rights for third-party software that is obtained using this software.\b  \b0 Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 disclose the results of any benchmark tests of the software to any third party without Microsoft\rquote s prior written approval;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 publish the software for others to copy;\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\kerning36\b 7.\tab .NET FRAMEWORK SOFTWARE\b0 . The software contains Microsoft .NET Framework software. This software is part of Windows. The license terms for Windows apply to your use of the .NET Framework software.\kerning0\f1\par
\kerning36\b\f0 8.\tab MICROSOFT .NET FRAMEWORK BENCHMARK TESTING\b0 . The software includes one or more components of the .NET Framework (\ldblquote .NET Components\rdblquote ). You may conduct internal benchmark testing of those components. You may disclose the results of any benchmark test of those components, provided that you comply with the conditions set forth at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406. Notwithstanding any other agreement you may have with Microsoft, if you disclose such benchmark test results, Microsoft shall have the right to disclose the results of benchmark tests it conducts of your products that compete with the applicable .NET Component, provided it complies with the same conditions set forth at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=66406.\kerning0\f1\par
\b\f0 9.\tab BACKUP COPY.\b0  You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it only to reinstall the software.\par
\b 10.\tab DOCUMENTATION.\b0  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\par
\b 11.\tab EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.\b0  The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/exporting }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/exporting\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 .\par
\b 12.\tab SUPPORT SERVICES. \b0 Because this software is \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  we may not provide support services for it.\par
\b 13.\tab ENTIRE AGREEMENT.\b0  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\b 14.\tab APPLICABLE LAW.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120 a.\tab United States.\b0  If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\par
\b b.\tab Outside the United States.\b0  If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 15.\tab LEGAL EFFECT.\b0  This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\par
\b 16.\tab DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote  You bear the risk of using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights or statutory guarantees under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 FOR AUSTRALIA \endash  You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in these terms is intended to affect those rights.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120 17.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\qc **********\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b\f0 MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par

\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 NUGET-BASED MICROSOFT PACKAGE MANAGER \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 updates,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 supplements,\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 Internet-based services, and\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 support services\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.\par
\b By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use the software.\par
As described below, using some features also operates as your consent to the transmission of certain standard computer information for Internet-based services.\par

\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the perpetual rights below.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 1.\tab INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. \b0 You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.\par
\b 2.\tab INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. \b0 Microsoft provides Internet-based services with the software. It may change or cancel them at any time.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\b a.\tab Consent for Internet-Based Services.\b0  The software feature described below connects to Microsoft or service provider computer systems over the Internet. In some cases, you will not receive a separate notice when they connect. You may switch off this feature or not use it. For more information about this feature, see {\b{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://docs.nuget.org/ }}{\fldrslt{http://docs.nuget.org/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 . \b By using\b0  \b this feature, you consent to the transmission of this information.\b0  Microsoft does not use the information to identify or contact you.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b i.\tab Computer Information.\b0  The following feature uses Internet protocols, such as your Internet protocol address, the type of operating system, browser and name and version of the software you are using, and the language code of the device where you installed the software. Microsoft uses this information to make the Internet-based service available to you.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Open Data (OData) Service.\b0  This software will access a list of packages that are supplied by means of an OData service online from Microsoft or a third-party service provider.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Installing Packages and their Dependencies\b0 . Please refer to the \ldblquote Package Manager and Third Party Software Installation Features\rdblquote  section below for a description of this feature.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li1440\sb120\sa120\tx1440\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1440\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\b\f0 Use of Information. \b0 We or the third-party service provider may use the computer information to improve our or their software and services. We or they may also share the computer information with others, such as hardware and software vendors.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f0 b.\tab Misuse of Internet-based Services. \b0 You may not use this service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else\rquote s use of it. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any means.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 3.\tab PACKAGE MANAGER AND THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE INSTALLATION FEATURES.\~\b0 The software includes the following features (each a \ldblquote Feature\rdblquote ), each of which enables you to obtain software applications or packages through the Internet from other sources:\~ NuGet-Based Microsoft Package Manager.\~Those software applications and packages are offered and distributed in some cases by third parties and in some cases by Microsoft, but each such application or package is under its own license terms.\~Microsoft is not developing, distributing or licensing any of the third-party applications or packages to you, but instead, as a convenience, enables you to use the Features to access or obtain those applications or packages directly from the third-party application or package providers.\~By using the Features, you acknowledge and agree that:\~\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\cf1\f2\'b7\tab\f0 you are obtaining the applications or packages from such third parties and under separate license terms applicable to each application or package (including, with respect to the package-manager Features, any terms applicable to software dependencies that may be included in the package);\par
\f2\'b7\tab\f0 that it is your responsibility to locate, understand and comply with all applicable license terms for each such application or package; and\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li720\sb120\sa120\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 with respect to the package-manager Features, this includes your responsibility to follow the package source (feed) URL or by reviewing the packages for embedded notices or license terms.\~\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\b\caps Microsoft makes no representations, warranties or guarantees as to the feed or gallery URL, any feeds or galleries from such URL, the information contained therein, or any software applications or packages referenced in or accessed by you through such feeds or galleries.\~Microsoft grants you no license rights for third-party software applications or packages that are obtained using the Features.\caps0\f1\~\cf4\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\cf0\f0 4.\tab THIRD PARTY NOTICES. \b0 The package manager feature of the software includes third party code. However, all such code is licensed by you by Microsoft under this license agreement, rather than licensed to you by any third party under some other license terms.  Notices, if any, for the third party code are included with this software for your information only.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 5.\tab SCOPE OF LICENSE.\b0  The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent363{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}publish the software for others to copy;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}rent, lease or lend the software; \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}transfer the software or this agreement to any third party; or\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 6.\tab BACKUP COPY.\b0  You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it only to reinstall the software.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 7.\tab DOCUMENTATION.\b0  Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\par
\b 8.\tab EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.\b0  The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/exporting }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/exporting\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 .\par
\b 9.\tab SUPPORT SERVICES. \b0 Because this software is \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  we may not provide support services for it.\par
\b 10.\tab ENTIRE AGREEMENT.\b0  This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 11.\tab APPLICABLE LAW.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\tx720 a.\tab United States.\b0  If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b b.\tab Outside the United States.\b0  If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 12.\tab LEGAL EFFECT.\b0  This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 13.\tab DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote  You bear the risk of using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights or statutory guarantees under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 FOR AUSTRALIA \endash  You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in these terms is intended to affect those rights.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\tx360 14.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx720\f2\'b7\tab\f0 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li1077\sb120\sa120\f2\'b7\tab\f0 claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120 It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\qc **********\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS\par

\pard\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 MICROSOFT WCF DATA SERVICES\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\b0 These license terms are an agreement between Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you live, one of its affiliates) and you. Please read them. They apply to the software named above, which includes the media on which you received it, if any. The terms also apply to any Microsoft\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx720 updates,\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}supplements,\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Internet-based services, and\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}support services\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 for this software, unless other terms accompany those items. If so, those terms apply.\par
\b By using the software, you accept these terms. If you do not accept them, do not use the software.\par

\pard\brdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brsp20 \nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120 If you comply with these license terms, you have the perpetual rights below.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120 1.\tab INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS\b0 . You may install and use any number of copies of the software on your devices.\par
\b 2.\tab ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS\b0\f1 .\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\f0 a.\tab Distributable Code\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 The software contains code that you are permitted to distribute in programs you develop if you comply with the terms below.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1080\b i.\tab Right to Use and Distribute. \b0 The code and text files listed below are \ldblquote Distributable Code.\rdblquote\b\f1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\ul\b0\f0 REDIST.TXT Files\ulnone . You may copy and distribute the object code form of code listed in REDIST.TXT files.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\ul Third Party Distribution\ulnone . You may permit distributors of your programs to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those programs.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\b ii.\tab Distribution Requirements. \b0 For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must\b\f1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\b0\f0 add significant primary functionality to it in your programs;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}for any Distributable Code having a filename extension of .lib, distribute only the results of running such Distributable Code through a linker with your program;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}distribute Distributable Code included in a setup program only as part of that setup program without modification;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; \par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}display your valid copyright notice on your programs; and\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Microsoft from any claims, including attorneys\rquote  fees, related to the distribution or use of your programs.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1077\sb120\sa120\tx1077\tx1440\b iii.\tab Distribution Restrictions. \b0 You may not\b\f1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-358\li1435\sb120\sa120\b0\f0 alter any copyright, trademark or patent notice in the Distributable Code;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}use Microsoft\rquote s trademarks in your programs\rquote  names or in a way that suggests your programs come from or are endorsed by Microsoft;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}distribute Distributable Code to run on a platform other than the Windows platform;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}include Distributable Code in malicious, deceptive or unlawful programs; or\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An Excluded License is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution, that\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li1792\sb120\sa120 the code be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}others have the right to modify it.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\b 3.\tab SCOPE OF LICENSE\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not\b\f1\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent363{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120\b0\f0 work around any technical limitations in the software;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}make more copies of the software than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}publish the software for others to copy;\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}rent, lease or lend the software; or\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}use the software for commercial software hosting services.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\b 4.\b0\f1\tab\b\f0 BACKUP COPY\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 You may make one backup copy of the software. You may use it only to reinstall the software.\b\f1\par
\f0 5.\b0\f1\tab\b\f0 DOCUMENTATION\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 Any person that has valid access to your computer or internal network may copy and use the documentation for your internal, reference purposes.\b\f1\par
\f0 6.\b0\f1\tab\b\f0 TRANSFER TO A THIRD PARTY\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 The first user of the software may transfer it and this agreement directly to a third party. Before the transfer, that party must agree that this agreement applies to the transfer and use of the software. The first user must uninstall the software before transferring it separately from the device. The first user may not retain any copies.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\tx360\f0 7.\tab EXPORT RESTRICTIONS\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 The software is subject to United States export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For additional information, see {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.microsoft.com/exporting }}{\fldrslt{http://www.microsoft.com/exporting\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 .\cf3\ul\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120\cf0\ulnone\f0 8.\tab SUPPORT SERVICES\b0 . Because this software is \ldblquote as is,\rdblquote  we may not provide support services for it.\par
\b 9.\tab ENTIRE AGREEMENT\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services.\par
\b 10.\tab APPLICABLE LAW.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120 a.\tab United States\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 If you acquired the software in the United States, Washington state law governs the interpretation of this agreement and applies to claims for breach of it, regardless of conflict of laws principles. The laws of the state where you live govern all other claims, including claims under state consumer protection laws, unfair competition laws, and in tort.\par
\b b.\tab Outside the United States\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 If you acquired the software in any other country, the laws of that country apply.\b\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\f0 11.\tab LEGAL EFFECT\b0\f1 .\b\f0  \b0 This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your country. You may also have rights with respect to the party from whom you acquired the software. This agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your country if the laws of your country do not permit it to do so.\b\f1\par
\f0 12.\tab DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY\b0 . \b The software is licensed \ldblquote as-is.\rdblquote  You bear the risk of using it. Microsoft gives no express warranties, guarantees or conditions. You may have additional consumer rights or statutory guarantees under your local laws which this agreement cannot change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Microsoft excludes the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120 FOR AUSTRALIA \endash  You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in these terms is intended to affect those rights.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-357\li357\sb120\sa120 13.\tab LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. You can recover from Microsoft and its suppliers only direct damages up to U.S. $5.00. You cannot recover any other damages, including consequential, lost profits, special, indirect or incidental damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li357\sb120\sa120\b0 This limitation applies to\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent363{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-363\li720\sb120\sa120 anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party programs; and\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa160\sl252\slmult1 It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\li360\sb120\sa120\f1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li360\sb120\sa120\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sb120\sa120\par
}
 